Adds venv install steps and package requirements list (#4)
gannonprudhomme/AutoScheduler: README.md

## Install
Follow these steps to start a local Django server using a PostgreSQL database:
1) If you don’t have it already, download Python from [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/).
2) To install the packages, you first need to make a virtual environment for Python, which will help us ensure that our libraries & Python versions are unified. You can do so be by running: 
    - `python3 -m venv env`
        - This creates a virtual environment in the `env/` folder. 
        - In here you'll see a directory containing the libraries that will be installed in the next step(`Lib/` on Windows)
        - You'll also see a folder(`Scripts/` on Windows & `bin/` on Unix systems) that contains the scripts that you need to start the virtual environment.
    - Next, for Unix systems run: `source env/bin/activate`
    - And for Windows, in Powershell run: `./env/Scripts/activate`

>         - If you get an permisions error that says: `execution of scripts is disabled on this system`, then open another PowerShell as Administrator and run `Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned`.

Reviewer: If you get a permission error*

Author: ```suggestion
        - If you get an permissions error that says: `.
```

            - Alternatively, you can just run the original script as Administrator.

>     - You will need to do `source env/bin/activate` or `./env/Scripts/activate` anytime you want to interact with the server(i.e. to run it with `python manage.py runserver`)

Author: Not positive about this but I assumed this was the case/is true

Author: Also need to add the `pip install -r requirements.txt`
